What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	.git directory was made. I think i need a repository to make commits and to share multiple files, histories to other people. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	Staging area is not a physical directory in the hard drive or independent container for documents. It roles as middleware between working directory/repository and commits. It allows users to have more control on managing files and commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	
	I can use the staging area by using 'git add' command only to add files that I modified for one logical change. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	When i want to make a experimental change of code, i can make a branch and try some challenges. Also if I make other version of existing code that is slightly diffrent from original version (other languages, game difficulties), branch will help.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagram helps me understand concept of branch and commit. After drawing diagrams, especially, now i know about detached HEAD error message.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging branches caused result files that includes all the changes on the commits of diffrent branches. Though i delete a branch, using merge commit i can reach all the commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	
	Always doing merges manually: In this case, we have to check all contents of files before merging and manually make modification by ourselves.
	
	Git's automatic merging: When codes that have to selected are obvious, git automatically judge and merge branches. That operation helps us reducing effort to decide what code is better, to modify codes.